learn will get the ball in by only got
five seconds burn you gotta get it in it
he just did person for three who's got
it out of Bounce it'll come back to
Indiana with early one second
Vern Fleming just missed not being able
to get that ball inbounds right Chicago
with Pippen Oakley Horace Grant sparrows
fantasy it kid got it battles on Chicago
to the ball five 15 seconds in Chicago's
been in the ball
but isn't it interesting also to see
Pippen and grant to the rookies in the
game at the end this Reggie struggled
for this three-point shot he had to
fight it all away and
a free-throw here although 15 seconds is
a long long time Wayman has just fouled
out Stuart gray will replace him so
Wayman Tisdale came off the bench they
did such a fine job in the third quarter
he ended with 16 points but most of his
points were in the third quarter they
couldn't get him the ball in the fourth
Chicago adjusted for his brand
and it tight arms it a little bit up
there grant last night's game against
New Jersey did a nice job he had 12
points nine rebounds Pippin Pippin at 15
points on three steals so these kids and
I mean their kids are look he's doing a
great job
Indiana little rebound Ray's got to get
it up 11 seconds to play in the game
Indiana trails by four give it a Reggie
Reggie three-pointer on the way game
three seconds four seconds to play they
catch and no time is expired Indiana
will take their 21 King
did you believe it is that 15 seconds is
a long time Reggie Miller with the flee
Indiana takes their 2110 109 Jaffar go
through the wall is the end or get the
last shot this would be a miracle
Reggie wants the boys here say here's
the three-pointer by Reggie I watch him
fake Michael out of play here it comes
but boom baby cuckoo buffoon he's got 20
who's going to get the ball with excited
who's going to get the ball through the
line will bring back Griffin grant
Oakley Michael Jordan and Lori Stanwyck
jardín away from the play the clock does
not start until it touches the hands of
somebody on the
the ball
in the 2 seconds hits the shot
he's an alder it's 111-110 Jack let's
get that team over there so high right
now wait a minute there flow but don't
get to you for again because Chicago has
two seconds and that's a full 2 seconds
and they'll have Michael Jordan in the
ball here's the play here's Bern here's
chat gets in the air
but baby she's in there
bring it up chunky stoner friends this
would be a 15 seconds your poor down now
that goes to show you what the
three-point play down here for the
basketball let's see that again I was so
good I want to see that again
that's a new dance step that's a new
dance that we're in cause didn't have
call this what can we call it the person
shuffle here we go i watch Oh Chuck
Wright John Travolta this guy is gonna
put you away on this one right here
there it is yes there it is well I bet
this is a critical out of Ballantyne
it's coming up Eddie you know you have
won the ballgame or still two seconds
left on the clock and four we've got be
burnt careful we can't foul
I always like to put I always like to
put pressure on the ball in this
circumstance what a great big tall guy
here so they can't throw up where they
wanna throw Chicago will have the ball
at midcourt Indiana will have Reggie
Miller John Byrne Fleming Chuck person
Ron Anderson don't have Jordan they'll
set him up in the Box in the left side
Tipton will be out how to inbound the
ball grant will be on the left side of
the elbow
hopefully hopefully they ought to drop a
man off the falls what they ought to do
about half-court yeah they're gonna drop
him off try and double on the injury and
that's what they're going to do overload
the left side know where the foul and
watch the reverse block does not start
until it touches somebody
we're Pacers win Jordan got the last
shot and he didn't go they had to play
and Indiana has come and stung the
Chicago Bulls with their first loss of
the year
that's an all-timer that is some
everybody out of placement daddy would
you really look at it were pulling down
first grants on the free throw line with
two free throws he misses them both with
15 seconds on the clock he misses them
both we come down get a three pointer
they throw the ball away Chuck gets an
open 18 footer 111 ones in Indiana final
we don't go away we're gonna try and get
a guest out here right after this
Miller beer in WT TV award $100 to the
leukemia foundation and the name of
Reggie Miller is tonight's Miller Lite
all-star player of the game
he was absolutely terrific Chuck person
hit the winning shot but Miller ends up
with 20 big points and he hits the
three-pointer to get him back in it at
the end as the Pacers win it final
Indiana 111 Chicago one Jim we'll be
back